
This video was very empowering and humbling. The fact Randy Pausch had 10 tumors inside his body while delivering this message made me look at life in an entirely different way. He truly represented that life, and things that are thrown at you, and how you handle the challenges are completely up to you. Recently I lost my nephew to an accident and honestly it has been hard looking forward as a person. It’s been hard to embody the growth mindset and try to hype up a personal positivity perspective to what I’m going through. This video is helping me to except the fact that we can’t change the bad things but what we can do is embrace the good change and cherish the time we have with one and other. Even with the bad things, its up to us to except and embrace the struggle because if we don’t, we are going to struggle more than what we are already going through. What also stuck with me is that he didn’t want to consume his life with the fact he is dying, he wanted to be in the moment and spread his message about growing and just doing.

Another lesson that really Identifies with me was learning to handle criticism. Criticism was something I use to struggle with, I know it’s truly something that helps me grow as a person, but due to personal traumas sometimes criticism gets uncomfortable. I do remind myself to listen and utilize the feedback to help me grow, especially when it’s from someone I value so much.  Criticism Is something that allows you to look within yourself and revaluate certain aspects of yourself and push them to grow. 

I honestly admire randy so much because he was a dreamer and doer! He mentioned he grew up in a time that was easy to dream because men were landing on the moon. Well that truly empowered me the most. It gave my dreamer mentality another spark because today it’s hard to dream about the possibilities due to all the outside chaos that’s going on in the world. He provided me an example of even if there are obstacles you can overcome them! It’s all a personal choice! 

Thank you, Randy, for all your words especially during a time I know you were probably physical hurting but still managed to show your strengths. I honor you and hope your spirit is resting peacefully.
