Learning styles are a huge factor to someone's growth as a person. I think learning styles are developed through our childhood, cultural background, traumas, etc. Just so many things go into forming someone's way of learning. I think its very important for educators to be aware that everyone thinks and learns differently, especially in a decolonized way. I grew up on a reservation where our learning curriculum was behind and the way we respected each other was through earning respect. It was never because your a teacher and you should be respected because you're a person of authority. As a kid on a reservation the teacher had to earn respect through showing the class that they actually cared about us as individuals and as a community.

 We experienced a lot of white teachers trying change us, but we weren't looking for a " white savior" we were looking for someone to teach us and nurture us as young kids. I'm just now being able to put words to those experiences because truly when you have an outsider coming into your place of belonging trying to change you, it closes off you to so many possibilities because internally or externally all of us are retaliating in our own ways. Weather it be purposely not listening or just being overwhelmed in emotions that you don't understand as a kid, you're just aren't able to realize what is being forced upon you even if it has good intentions.

As an indigenous person, I've always struggled with learning because I use all three types of learning styles. Visual, Auditory, and Tactile. Growing up with a colonized learning curriculum we would only focus on one way of learning so I would have to make sure I'm truly trying to learn the subject or skill because it was only taught in huge bodies of information. We as Indigenous people struggle at reading and deploying vocal taught lessons if they are not taught in a story like persepective, it all comes back to cultural! I learn through stories, I learn from being shown the steps visually and being encouraged to try deploying them in physical actions and problem solving. Learning has always been a struggle for me but Now I'm understanding how to strengthen my struggle!

I guess my conclusion is that learning styles do effect how we learn because we all learn differently! For those that struggle learning, its a choice to problem solve and practice repetition, ask question while deploying into daily improvements or just stay stuck. For educators its a social duty to expand knowledge on how to cater to different learning styles, struggles and cultural background and experiences. 
